[upbeat hip-hop music plays]
♪ ♪
Press play. Subtitles appear.
200+ languages. One app:  tryray.app
[Diana] Previously on Ghost...
We have to tell
him about Lauren.
We're taking that to
the motherfucking grave.
[Brayden] Lauren's dead.
Who did it? I need a name.
[Brayden] If I
give you a name.
you might as well
have done it yourself.
[Lauren] How much longer
do I have to pretend
that I'm dead?
Closing this case
is the only way to get you
out of here and
on with your life.
[Jenny] You have enough
clout to get authorization
for a joint federal
and local task force?
I can try.
So he's one of the
richest Black men...
In the world.
RSJ. let's set up a
more formal meeting.
- Looks like you grew up.
- You too.
Get the fuck out of
here harassing me
with this bullshit.
Partial prints led nowhere.
Any potential witnesses
scattered like rats.
Someone killed my
son. and ain't nobody
gonna fucking rest
until I find out who.
[screaming]
Bald-headed dude
in a dark jacket!
That was you.
motherfucker. and now that
I know the truth.
I fucking own you!
A million dollars in
hand next time I see you.
or she dies.
[Tariq] 50 floors
on our building.
and the rest of the buildings
on fucking Wall Street.
We want to move Noma's product.
that's exactly how we do it.
We send our delivery
boys with cups
with false bottoms with
the product right in there.
[Effie] There's orders
coming in already.
Coming in hot.
[Joe] ♪♪ They say this
is A big. rich town ♪♪
♪♪ I just come From
the poorest part ♪♪
♪♪ Bright lights. city life ♪♪
♪♪ I gotta make it This
is where it goes down ♪♪
♪♪ I just happen
To come up hard ♪♪
♪♪ Legal or illegal.
baby I gotta make it ♪♪
[50 Cent] ♪♪ I never took
A straight path nowhere ♪♪
♪♪ Life's full of twists And
turns. bumps and bruises ♪♪
♪♪ I live. I learn ♪♪
♪♪ I'm from that city full of
Yellow cabs and skyscrapers ♪♪
♪♪ It's hard to get a start In
these parts without paper ♪♪
♪♪ Homey. I grew up in hell
A block away from heaven ♪♪
♪♪ That corner every 15
minutes They moving seven ♪♪
♪♪ Pure snow. bag it
Then watch it go ♪♪
♪♪ Occupational options Get
some blow or some hos ♪♪
♪♪ Shoot the ball or the strap
Learn to rap or to jack ♪♪
♪♪ Fuck it. man
In the meantime ♪♪
♪♪ Go head and pump a pack ♪♪
♪♪ This my regal. royal
flow My James Bond bounce ♪♪
♪♪ That 007 That's
62 on my count ♪♪
♪♪ I'm an undercover liar
I lie under the covers ♪♪
♪♪ Look a bitch in the eyes ♪♪
♪♪ And tell her
Baby. I love ya ♪♪
♪♪ You're my inspiration
You're my motivation ♪♪
♪♪ You're the reason that I'm
Moving with no hesitation ♪♪
[Joe] ♪♪ They say this
is A big. rich town ♪♪
♪♪ Yeah. I just come
From the poorest part ♪♪
♪♪ Bright lights. city life ♪♪
♪♪ I gotta make it This
is where it goes down ♪♪
♪♪ Oh. yeah. yeah ♪♪
♪♪ I just happen
To come up hard ♪♪
♪♪ Legal or illegal.
baby I gotta make it ♪♪
♪ ♪
[Yung Pooda] ♪♪ I get
money on Monday ♪♪
♪♪ I get money on Tuesday ♪♪
♪♪ I get the bag on Wednesday
Count it on Thursday ♪♪
♪♪ More money on Friday And
I'm doing shit my way ♪♪
♪♪ Get it. count it
Stack it. spend it ♪♪
We really need to chop
it up. Are you alone?
I am. but Tiny dumb ass
keeps fucking up my orders.
so I'ma have to hit you back.
[Yung Pooda] ♪♪ And
repeat that process ♪♪
Yo. stop underserving
our people.
They ask for a coffee
with eight sugars.
that means they want
8 grams of coke.
Don't give 'em a eight ball.
[Yung Pooda] ♪♪ My money.
nigga. I need me ♪♪
♪♪ Told y'all I was
'bout to blow ♪♪
♪♪ So I had to go show ya ♪♪
Tiny. listen. I'm not
gonna tell you again.
An eight ball.
that's 3.5 grams.
That means that you're
shorting our custies
4.5 grams that they paid for.
and that's bad
business. my nigga.
We not doing that.
You understand?
I got you. Won't happen again.
You.
[Yung Pooda] ♪♪ It's
no wonder why ♪♪
♪♪ All of 'em look up I
get money on Monday ♪♪
♪♪ I get money on Tuesday I
get the bag on Wednesday ♪♪
♪♪ Count it on Thursday
More money on Friday ♪♪
♪♪ And I'm doing shit my
way Get it. count it ♪♪
- [Tiny] There you go.
- [businessman] Yeah.
Black. four sugars. please.
[Yung Pooda] ♪♪ And
repeat that process ♪♪
♪♪ Get it. count it
Stack it. stack it ♪♪
♪♪ Do it again ♪♪
- ♪♪ And repeat that process ♪♪
- [cell phone buzzing]
♪ ♪
Is all this really necessary?
I know I can't change
what we've been through
over the last few months.
but I think it's gonna
make us stronger and closer
as a family.
We've been together
a long time. Mo.
- You know I love you.
- I love you too.
[soft music plays]
♪ ♪
Oh. damn.
Look at my baby up
there looking so good.
Oh. thank you.
Thank you so much.
You're welcome. babe.
I just want to see
his family happy.
[Diana] Sorry I'm late.
I rushed here as soon as
I clocked out of work.
[car door closes]
Yo. what the fuck
are you doing here?
You need to stop harassing me.
- Do we have a problem?
- Take it easy. big fella.
You know assaulting a
cop will catch you 2-15.
so unless you want
to go back inside.
don't be stupid.
You ain't supposed to be
doing shit on a suspension.
You thought I ain't
know about that. huh?
You keep fucking with me.
you gonna be fired next.
Mm. see. now I got all the
time in the world to watch you.
And when you slip
up. I'll be there.
You just don't get it.
Whatever you're searching
for. you will never find.
Oh. Carrie Milgram.
Your baby daddy.
What. you didn't think I
knew about that one too?
I got footage of you
going in the building
the night of Dante
Spears' murder.
You have a warrant?
Hell no. he ain't got
no fucking warrant.
Then why don't you leave
before I do something
I'm not gonna fucking regret?
Yeah. jump in your car and
get the fuck out of here.
You heard him. Go.
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
How long has this
shit been going on?
Couple of weeks now.
but I've been working
with Davis to make
this nigga go away.
He's trying to frame me
for his bitch Carrie
Milgram's suicide.
If he's coming after you.
he's gonna come after all of us.
However you want to handle
this shit. I'm ready.
Look. I got it under control.
Let's just go in for
a family meeting.
♪ ♪
Private family
meeting. little girl.
Can we talk for a
minute or something?
Just go back to school.
It's what you wanted. right?
♪ ♪
All right. listen up.
That cop ain't stopping shit.
Renzo. what's good
with the business?
It's booming.
Noma gave us so much weight.
we had to recruit help.
Well who you got?
Got the Jamaica Ave boys
and the Castillo bros.
Castillos have
parts of BK on lock.
which means we give
Noma her bread faster.
Happy plug. happy life.
Fuck your relationship
with the plug.
Evelyn think we
clipped Uncle Frank.
We don't know what
she's feeding her sons.
- We can't trust them.
- Ma. they don't know anything.
They would have retaliated.
What if they just trying
to get close enough
to prove it before
they make a move?
[Cane] They can't prove
shit. Uncle Frank was a rat.
I mean. he had mad enemies.
It could have been
any one of them.
That's a valid point.
- They got nothing on us.
- Nah. too risky.
We gotta keep our
distance. shut it down.
- [Cane] Nah.
- What you say?
We're not shutting nothing down.
We can't afford it.
Noma needs her money.
And you agree to this dumb shit?
It's working for now. Mo.
We get a sense the Castillos
change their agenda.
we'll shut it down then.
Come on. Pops. we
got runs to make.
Wait. we not done.
We on the clock. Talk later.
♪ ♪
The fuck is that?
They're moving
fucking weird lately.
Whatever Cane says. Poppy does.
or nigga just gets me to do it.
It's just asking for
trouble when we have
all these fucking
cops looking at us.
♪ ♪
I need Theo Rollins'
unredacted case file.
What you need is to
focus on finding evidence
for our RICO case.
I know that. I know that.
Davis needs me
because I have connections
in the DA's office.
You want to tie Davis
into the RICO. right?
Yeah. I do. but you told Davis
you'd get his brother out
without implicating him.
That's a huge ask.
And if I can pull it
off. he'll trust me.
I will be able to...
get in the room.
Okay. three of them
in the same room.
That's a start.
What if we charge
Davis for the murder
he actually committed
and blamed on Theo?
We can pressure
him into flipping.
Being able to make that case
after all these years
is no slam dunk.
- [cell phone buzzing]
- I know Davis.
It's not enough to
make him snitch.
I have to take this.
Um...
excuse me for a second.
Really. you have to leave?
[Jenny] Hey. Hold on one sec.
[cell phone buzzing]
Got it. Bye.
Uh. your other phone was
ringing in your bag there.
Maybe you should check that out.
That phone goes off nonstop.
Yeah. I bet.
Uh. so the DA's office
is handing out ho
phones these days?
- It's for CIs. Cooper.
- Mm.
Listen. I have to go. but. uh.
I'll see what I can do
about the case file.
Thank you.
[hip-hop music plays]
♪ ♪
[singer] ♪♪ I'm the
hottest nigga ♪♪
♪♪ Hustlin' in the streets ♪♪
♪♪ Taking over the game And
I always play for keeps ♪♪
♪♪ I don't never
want To start it ♪♪
♪♪ But I always finish it... ♪♪
[Dru] Whoo! Ha-ha!
That's you?
Yeah. man. I went from
a BMW to a Porsche. huh?
BMW? You ain't never
drove a Beemer.
Listen. I was a
Black Man Walking
before we started
working for Noma. right?
- [laughter]
- Fuck is you talkin' 'bout?
- You're a dumbass.
- [Dru] Nigga.
[lock chirps]
- [Tariq] Yo. this shit is bad.
- [Dru] Yeah.
♪ ♪
What the fuck is your problem?
Relax. gangster. I'm seeing
if your phone is broke.
because I'm hitting
your phone up.
and you don't hit me back.
- What's up with that?
- You ain't my nigga.
We do not need to
call each other.
Listen. I just want to say
thank you for what you did.
What did I do?
Saved us all from when
you took out Lauren.
[tense music plays]
[Effie] Nigga. that's cap.
Who the fuck told
you I did that shit?
It don't matter.
I know what you did.
But that body should have been
taken care of by your mans.
And when he fumbled the ball.
I thought I could count on
Brayden's bitch ass. but I see
he sent a woman to
do his dirty work.
♪ ♪
Why you messing with someone
that put you in that position?
Nobody sent me.
It was complicated for Tariq
because that was his bitch.
And Brayden's actually loyal.
but he ain't with the smoke.
So you did what needed
to be done for the team.
I respect that. You're
a real one for that.
Fuck out of here.
Cane. Me and you?
We're not a team.
I did what was best for me.
and everybody benefited from it.
It was wrong. and I
ain't want to do it.
but it is what it is. I guess.
Damn.
I should tell Tariq he
got a winner on his side.
No. he is not
ready to hear that.
Seriously. Cane.
don't say anything.
When the time is right. I
want him to hear it from me.
If you're so thankful.
that's how you can repay me.
♪ ♪
Okay. I can do that.
But I'ma hit you later
and see how your little
confession or whatever goes.
That will not be necessary.
Can we get in here and
go to work. please?
♪ ♪
[sighs]
[Tariq] 'Sup. baby?
[Brayden] Okay. nice
of you to join us.
- Fuck took y'all so long?
- [Brayden] Traffic?
[Tariq] Y'all ready
for the new shipment?
[horn honks]
Check your phone.
I sent you the receipt
for the wire transfer.
Yeah. it should take about
24 hours to come through...
I am aware of how a
wire transfer works.
you pale little gnome.
Okay. that was hurtful. I
was just trying to help.
Despite my doubts. you have
met our distribution quotas.
Thus far.
We will see what happens
in the next few re-ups.
[dramatic music plays]
What is this? This is
not our normal re-up.
Observant... you must be
the brains of the group.
This is in addition to
your re-up of product.
Glocks. AK-47s. silencers...
This is not what
our infrastructure's
built for. okay?
We're built to move
drugs. not guns.
You promised to replace
Mecca. This is what Mecca did.
So here we are.
Noma wants this gone ASAP.
I don't need to remind
you what happens
if I come back here and
this is still here. do I?
- I can't hear you.
- [all] No.
Much better.
♪ ♪
What do we know
about moving guns?
[Effie] That it's risky.
And where does she
even get these?
It's probably stolen.
Listen. I'm thinking
maybe we could pay Noma
with our money. and
we just keep these.
Are you getting high on the
supply? We can't cover that.
Yeah. how about you just let
me and Dru handle the guns
while y'all handle
shit on pussy street?
I'm sorry. I mean Wall Street.
A'ight. so let's go see
what we're working with.
♪ ♪
[Tariq] What the fuck. man?
I don't wanna sell
no fucking guns.
Hey. I knew your bitch ass
was gonna fold under pressure.
What the fuck you talking about?
You opened your big-ass mouth.
and now Cane knows what I did.
I didn't say shit to anybody.
Cane pressed me.
but I held it down.
I don't know how
the fuck he knows.
♪ ♪
America. the land
of opportunity.
Now. the question is.
is it truly the
land of opportunity?
Okay. I'ma need some
volunteers up her.
Ashley. Who else?
Okay. some more
please. Thank you.
So I need you to form
a single file line.
Now. these cards that
Salim was handing out.
they represent the finish line.
Now. what I want you
to do is write down
a life goal that
you hope to reach.
- Thank you. Salim.
- [Salim] You're welcome.
[Harper] So Salim and
I will call out a list
or privileges and disadvantages.
If one applies to you.
you will step forward
or backward towards your goal.
Does everybody understand?
Great.
Thank you. Salim. Thank you.
So I'm gonna start us off.
Take one step forward
if you come from a
two-parent household.
Two steps back if you don't.
One step back if
one of your parents
have done jail or prison time.
[Salim] Take one step
back if your family
has ever relied on
public assistance.
Ain't no shame in
it. I've been there.
♪ ♪
[Harper] One step forward
if you attended private
secondary school.
♪ ♪
One step forward if you or
your family inherited wealth.
Take a step back if you
receive financial assistance
or got a loan to pay
for your education.
Two steps forward if
your parents listed you
as the beneficiary to their
trust or life insurance policy.
One step back if you have
ever been sexually harassed.
This includes catcalling.
Take a step forward if one
or both of your parents
completed college.
Now. look at where you landed.
Look around.
This is where you start
in terms of reaching your goals.
Now. the questions we've
asked have less to do
with your own achievements
and everything to do
with your family history
and the zip code
you were born into.
Thoughts?
That just because I
start off back here
doesn't mean I end up back here.
True.
But it does mean that I'm
gonna have to work hella harder
than Thomas. Jackie. and
Becca just to get what I want.
But that doesn't mean I
don't have to work hard
to reach my goal.
Yeah. but can you acknowledge
that you have a head
start over the rest of us?
Right. like. look
at how much less
you have to travel to get there.
Does that mean that
my accomplishments
are any less valid because
I come from a good family?
Hold up. are you for real?
[Becca] Seriously?
You really think
wealth and privilege
define our families as good?
Well. I don't really want to
worry about what got me here
'cause it has nothing
to do with me.
Okay. that's easy for you to say
considering where
you're standing.
This... this shit ain't right.
Some bullshit.
♪ ♪
You wrote "family" on your card.
Is that all you want?
Guess that I haven't
really been able
to think about anything else.
Right now my only
goal is graduating
so I can get the trust.
getting with my
mom and my sister.
You know. once they good.
then I'm gonna take some
time to worry about myself.
What happens when they
burn through your trust?
How you gonna support them?
I haven't really
figured that out yet.
I just know I want my family
to be safe. that's it.
When you're in this life.
your family inherits the risk.
You know that.
The only way to protect
them is to quit.
Well. that's what
you got in mind?
- That's what you gonna do?
- Yeah.
I'm only doing this to stack
and get through grad school.
The Stanford PhD robotics
program is 50 bands a semester.
Damn. 50 bands.
You really gonna go to
grad school in Cali?
Dead-ass going legit.
When I'm out. it's
new beginnings for me.
I'm sick and tired of looking
over my shoulder all the time
and justifying committing
felonies just to get paid.
Yeah. but you gotta do what
you gotta do for now. right?
I always do.
No one's gonna do it for me.
It's always been that way.
Not everybody accepts
me for it. though.
Well. shit. if
anyone gets it. I do.
I know how that shit feels.
I accept you.
- Do you?
- [Tariq] Yeah. of course.
[soft music plays]
[Effie] I have to talk
to you about something.
What's happening? Talk to me.
♪ ♪
- I...
- [notification chimes]
[Tariq] Shit.
Shit.
I gotta be at my internship.
but what is it you had
to talk to me about?
Nothing.
♪ ♪
- You sure?
- Yeah.
We'll talk later. Go.
All right.
Later.
[knock at door]
- [Diana] Hey. Papi.
- Hey.
It's all there.
Thanks. mamita.
Ah... no. I can't
keep this up anymore.
You're joking me. right?
No. I'm not joking.
I don't want to do it.
I thought it was a
one-time thing. Papi.
What. are you too good now
that you're Ivy League?
Don't do that. You
know that's not it.
Papi. don't I get to make
choices about my life
and what I want to do with it?
You will. but in
time. Listen to me.
Right now. if Cane doesn't
give Noma her money.
she's coming after all of us.
So we are in this shit together.
whether you like it or not.
[speaking Spanish]
Never forget how I pay
for all the school shit.
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
[door closes]
Whitman had the
motherfucking audacity
to accuse me of
murdering my own child.
[Davis] Okay. we'll
write it all down.
The harassment complaint
helps us discredit him.
The fact that he's
pushing at you harder
will only hurt him.
He's playing right
into our hands.
Yeah. easy for you
to fucking say.
but my family is the one
who's being harassed.
What if we give Whitman
an alibi to throw him off?
Anything I say
he'll think is cap.
That's why you're not
going to say shit.
Diana will.
Diana?
What? Y'all two beefing.
Whitman has clearly
been watching you.
He may know your
family drama. It helps.
Yeah. but Diana?
She's the only Tejada
without a rap sheet.
To Whitman. she looks
like a civilian.
He'll give her the time
of day. bare minimum.
And while he's
being fed the alibi.
we'll break into his crib.
Pardon me?
I need every document
he has on me.
And those'll be in his apartment
since he's suspended.
I need to know what he knows.
Be careful with this guy.
Okay? He's still NYPD.
If you get caught
going against him.
they'll make an
example out of you.
That's why you're
gonna send someone.
I don't want this shit
coming back to me.
No. I-I'm sure there's
a long list of Tejadas
that can help you with that.
[Monet] Pay 'em whatever
you want out of that.
The rest is yours.
I mean. since you
put it that way.
I may know a nigga
that knows some niggas
in the B&E game.
You just get your shit
together on your end.
and I'll get my
daughter on board.
♪ ♪
[Lucas] I read that New
Yorker piece on you.
It talked about
closing the wealth gap.
If that's your true goal. your
strategy should be simple.
Invest with us.
We have the highest.
most consistent returns
on Wall Street.
So I've read.
And how exactly do
you achieve that?
We hire the best.
Cutting-edge
research. analytics.
and to be honest. my gut.
So you've got a golden gut?
Look. I know you could
go with any firm.
We both know what you
bring to the table.
You're a rock star CEO.
like a Black Elon Musk.
You and I would be
dynamic partners.
The Black Elon Musk.
Didn't he build his empire
from his daddy's
apartheid profits?
I don't... [laughs]
I think he would
disagree with that.
But that's what makes your
success so much greater.
You're an example of just
how much people like you
can achieve on their own.
Interesting.
Tariq. would the late.
great James St. Patrick
be an example of how
our kind of people
can pull themselves up
by their own bootstraps?
I think what Lucas
was trying to say...
Yeah. I think... I think
we're... we're getting off topic.
RSJ. we're headed out this month
to scout an Italian tech company
that is about to blow up.
Unfortunately.
now's not the right
time for me to invest.
Focusing more on my
real estate portfolio.
You know. when my dad passed
away. we were so broke.
all I inherited
were good examples.
I heard you have an estate.
Do something smart with it.
You owe it to your old man.
♪ ♪
What the fuck just happened?
I don't know.
I think you do.
- Come on. spit it out.
- [Tariq] I don't know.
I think treating him like he
was part of the Talented Tenth
was the wrong move.
What? What-what are
you talking about?
He gave a commencement
address at Howard
where he spoke about how
there's so many other people
just like him that
are. you know.
just as good or
maybe even better.
but they can't showcase it
because they have to deal
with institutional racism.
Well. where the fuck
was this insight
before the meeting. buddy?
Look. I'm just an intern.
It's obvious you were
just using me as a prop.
And it's your job to show
me you're more than that.
Maybe this internship isn't
the right fit for you.
Wait. no. no. no. I
need this internship.
Then prove it.
Turn this around.
If you can convince
RSJ to sign with us.
you keep your internship.
♪ ♪
[Brayden] Once he gets
his eyes set on a goal.
it's either accomplish
the mission or die trying.
[Tariq] Yeah. but how
the fuck am I gonna get
a multimillionaire mogul
nigga like RSJ on board?
I don't know. Do
your homework.
Dig up some dirt on him.
Yeah. like Tate did
with Sweeney. right?
- Yeah.
- [notifications chiming]
Fuck is this?
[both] Oh. fuck.
Okay. I'll go
handle the servers.
Take care of that
RSJ shit. all right?
- All right. bet. Later.
- See you. bro.
Everything okay?
You gonna invite me in. or
I gotta talk from the door?
My bad. You can come in.
So what made you come by?
I wish things were different.
but shit just got real.
I need a favor.
[laughs] Of course.
Shit hits the fan. and now
you need me for something.
This cop is on my ass about
this Carrie Milgram suicide.
He'll do anything to frame me.
And the more he looks into me.
the more our family's exposed.
Well. then. did you do it?
Does it fucking
make a difference?
Are you with me or against me?
I was with you when I got
Papi out of prison. remember?
And look what that got me.
slammed around and choked out.
Diana. you... look.
This Detective Whitman problem
is bigger than our issues.
He's a threat to all of us.
We need to discredit
him and destroy him.
Well. it's always been
family first with me.
But. Ma. the way you treated me.
you blamed me for Zeke's...
You blamed me for Zeke's death.
You hurt me. okay?
I can't even look
at you the same.
I'm sorry. baby.
I was grieving.
I shouldn't have never
treated you that way.
Is that what you need to hear?
♪ ♪
It's a start.
Look. you could be mad at me.
or you could come back
and hold the family down.
You gonna help me or not?
♪ ♪
Hey. product's selling out.
so you gonna need some more
weight at our next re-up.
[R&B music playing]
You really came all
the way out here
from Brooklyn to tell me that?
Shit.
So what's up?
Yo. come on. we're play cousins.
Technically.
We're not blood.
Come on. man. it's irrelevant.
[indistinct singing]
I don't mix business
with pleasure. all right?
You and I. we gotta
keep it business. okay?
♪ ♪
It's probably for the best.
My pops and my brother
can't handle me
having a dude around anyways.
Oh. yeah? What's going on?
They feel that my
last relationship
distracted me from the biz.
Yeah. man. my
brothers were the same
until I made them put
some respect on my name.
You just need to do the same.
♪ ♪
The plugs just dropped
off a bunch of guns on us.
Everybody's worried
about how we'll move 'em.
but if I can get
'em off all at once.
they'll give me my respect.
Yeah. what kind of guns?
AK-47s. Glocks. and silencers.
I know this
crazy-ass white dude.
Abencio. from juvie.
He moved upstate and joined
some racist-ass militia.
but he's always
asking me for shit.
I know for sure he'll
want to buy 'em.
Sounds like he preparing
for a civil war.
Well. who gives a fuck?
He not gon' bring that bullshit
to BK or Queens. all right?
And you want Uncle
Renzo and Cane
to treat you like a boss.
♪ ♪
Yo. those rednecks
are assholes. though.
You need to be careful.
♪ ♪
- Set it up.
- All right.
♪ ♪
Fuck y'all doing?
Uh. just some business.
homey. I'm on my way out.
What's good. Uncle Renzo?
Give Evelyn my love.
[Dru sighs]
You think you can move some guns
as fast as you move product?
Nah. man. selling hammers
is a different game.
- [Dru] I got a handle.
- You got a handle?
Gordo is putting the
play in motion for us.
Some white boys in upstate.
They'll take the shipment.
I like it. get it all
off in one transaction.
and it's outside
of our territory.
so we don't have to
worry about them.
That's the play.
One hitch... They're
fucking racists.
so we'll need a white
face to connect with 'em.
It's not a problem. fellas.
We got one of those.
♪ ♪
I don't have any dirt on RSJ.
That brother's profile
is cleaner than Obama's.
Man. with all them donations
he's making to your opponents.
there's no way you telling
me you can't find one thing
to drag his name
through the dirt with.
From my experience.
all I can tell you
is he likes testing people.
I mean. he might put you in
some uncomfortable positions
to observe your reaction.
If you succeed.
he'll rock with you.
Man. that nigga play
games. I hate that shit.
It's not really games. Tariq.
He's a shrewd businessman.
This donor list
needs to be updated.
and the fact that he's actually
giving you the time of day
means that he wants
something from you.
Yeah. but what the fuck could
I offer to a billionaire?
Figure that shit out. I
guarantee you it's something.
The game is to be sold.
not told. young brother.
And with that... [clears throat]
I'm gonna send you my. uh. IG.
Go ahead. click the link.
and donate a little
something-something
to the Tate campaign.
Mr. Kingpin.
Yeah. I really wish I could.
but I don't have it
to give right now.
Oh. oh. don't worry about it.
I'll just. uh. make sure
that I make that meeting
with my new friend.
Blanca Rodriguez.
Hold the fuck on.
What business do you
have with the Feds?
After I lied on the stand
to save your Black ass.
she's been pressuring me
to help resolve her case.
- What case?
- I wish I knew.
I would love to tell you.
but I just don't
have it right now.
You know what? I'll
fucking donate. okay?
- Fine.
- Weekly donations. five bands.
Send it in Bitcoin to
my private account.
Whatever. Tell me.
She's investigating the
murder of a Dante Spears.
You know anything about that?
♪ ♪
Nah. never heard of him.
You heard of Bitcoin?
Send that bread. my nigga.
And the Tate campaign
appreciates your support.
♪ ♪
I had to bend over backwards
for the Rollins case files.
so he better make it pay off.
Who bent you over?
Shut up.
I have to go. I have
so much work to do.
What? You just got here.
- [cell phone buzzing]
- Ugh.
So you're not gonna answer that?
Excuse me?
Your "CI" phone?
Are you seeing someone else?
Um. I'm not seeing
anyone exclusively.
so if I were seeing
someone else.
there's no issue.
Ah. so you are
seeing someone else.
I'm leaving.
I could follow you. or...
Or you could just tell me.
I'm not fucking
anyone besides you.
but this behavior makes me
want to fuck anyone but you.
Then tell me who's calling you
'cause I know you're
hiding something from me.
Let's go.
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
What the fuck is he doing here?
What the fuck are
you doing here?
Last I heard. you
were suspended.
Yeah. because of you. asshole.
Okay. okay. play nice.
I brought you two together
because hiding you
from each other
is too exhausting.
This is your CI?
[Jenny] Yeah. and she's
on my RICO task force.
so we're all just one big.
happy crime-fighting family.
This piece of shit
is not to be trusted.
He doesn't do
anything by the book.
[Jenny] I'm well
aware of his history.
but he's in Davis' office.
He'll be able to learn where
all the bodies are buried.
This piece of shit
will hand-deliver
substantial evidence.
which proves
Davis MacClean's
role as conciliary
to Tariq's criminal
organization.
A key piece in proving our RICO.
Let's just put the
bullshit behind us
and get some bad guys.
including Tariq St. Patrick.
I won't let you ruin
this case or me.
I'll take you out
before that happens.
I'm so glad this worked out.
[notification chimes]
♪ ♪
Any more surprises
we should know about?
Nope.
♪ ♪
I want to help you. Lauren.
but you're gonna ruin this.
You have to stop calling
me for nonemergencies.
You left me in
here with no Wi-Fi.
no family. and two cans of Spam.
I'm in hell.
If you want out so bad. get out.
I can drop the case.
Get out and go where?
What if that bitch
Effie finds me?
And Cane and Brayden
are on the tape as well.
And Tariq runs the
whole operation.
so how do you think they'll
feel about your reappearance?
So I can't fucking leave here.
And why is it that
I'm the one locked up?
That's fair?
It's not. but if you continue
to cooperate. I promise.
I will do everything
in my power to put
them behind bars.
so you can have your
normal life back.
While you suffer
alone in WITSEC.
look at these murderers.
going on as if
you never existed.
[Lauren] Wow. they're
really out there
just living their best lives.
I hate them.
Put all that hate to good use.
I need help finding
evidence against them.
Is there any suspicious behavior
you remember about Tariq?
Or the Tejadas?
This is Zeke's aunt. I saw
her on campus with Tariq.
I didn't think
anything of it then
because he used to tutor Zeke.
but when she showed up.
his energy did change.
Changed how?
[Lauren] He seemed nervous.
like he was trying
to mask it from me.
I didn't hear the convo.
but by their body language.
it looked like she
was giving him orders
and he was under pressure.
You know what. and
then I took Tariq
to this low-key
spot I knew about.
It was a roof on top of
a Stansfield building.
A few days later. I went
to meet him up there.
and I saw Zeke's cousin leaving.
Zeke's cousin? Who?
[Lauren] This
one. Diana Tejada.
♪ ♪
Did you ever see
Cane on the roof?
No. just Diana.
♪ ♪
This shit has to end now.
Yeah. well. tell Monet
the truth and end it.
♪ ♪
Fuck you in my crib
demanding me to do shit for?
You forget I'm the real
head of this family.
I built this shit. me.
and my fucking instincts are
to always lead and protect.
Everybody knows that except you.
They're gonna catch on if you
keep shitting on my plans.
Yeah. well. I lead
the family now.
You lost that right.
So why the fuck would I
be taking advice from you?
I'm not gonna stand
by and watch you
hurt this family. Cane.
It's not gonna happen.
You almost destroyed
this family.
Mom ain't been right
since you killed Zeke.
Now. I brought you that
guap. so you should be
on your fucking knees
thanking me right now.
If you weren't my fucking
son. I'd lift you up...
- You fucking what?
- Yes.
You what?
I ain't a fucking
kid no more. Lorenzo.
So as soon as you realize that.
everything else will
be just fucking fine.
[hip-hop music plays]
♪ ♪
[singer] ♪♪ I could be
the one To upgrade you ♪♪
♪♪ And show you about All
these different flavors ♪♪
♪♪ Still I could be the
one To upgrade you ♪♪
♪♪ And show you about All
these different flavors ♪♪
♪♪ Baby. we could do it
big Like the majors ♪♪
♪♪ Let me read you out... ♪♪
Okay. um...
maybe we should get
back to studying.
- Studying.
- Yeah.
Okay.
Can you grab that
water for me. please?
Of course. of course.
Thanks.
Did you really mean this?
Yeah. that's why I
been busting my ass
at the candy shop and in school.
Well. if you want
true independence.
maybe you need to
reevaluate your relationship
with your family.
I know what it is
when it comes to them.
- Do you?
- Yeah. I do.
Hm. 'cause I saw you spending
time with your brother.
and you been running errands
with your dad all the time.
What's up with that?
Shit's just complicated.
Complicated.
Look...
I don't want to
keep pushing this.
but maybe parting
ways with your family
might be the best thing for you.
♪ ♪
[Whitman] Send me a copy of
the partial fingerprint report.
That's it.
[Diana] Detective Whitman.
♪ ♪
[Whitman] So what is it
you wanted to discuss?
Um. I-I really
shouldn't be doing this.
but I need to know the truth.
I need to know who killed Zeke.
♪ ♪
All right. listen. I think
your mom killed Carrie.
and then she killed
Zeke to silence him.
♪ ♪
He came to see me. he
had some questions.
Just like you.
You don't happen to have
any info linking her
to her murder. do you?
No. she's way too
good at what she does.
♪ ♪
Look. I can't help
you prove a murder.
but I can't let her get
away with it either.
♪ ♪
What are you doing here. Diana?
She sent me here to lie to you.
♪ ♪
Yeah.
But I have to think
about what's best for me.
I know where she keeps
a set of separate books
for the bar in her bedroom.
♪ ♪
Well. that's money laundering.
I can work with that.
I'll need a copy of
the books. though.
I'm not welcome in
the house anymore.
Monet has made that very clear.
but can't you get a warrant?
No. I can't.
♪ ♪
Could go in myself. though.
Do you know when
Monet and Lorenzo
won't be in the house?
I can find out.
Good.
Look. when I get the books.
I'll need you to
authenticate them.
♪ ♪
I'll do it.
But please. you cannot
ask me for anything else.
If Monet really killed Zeke.
she won't hesitate
to take me out.
You have my word.
♪ ♪
I'll leave a key.
When you get to the house.
check under the back doormat.
But you have to watch out
for the security cameras.
They're only on the
outside of the house.
The books are in
the bedroom closet.
Listen. it's not that
I don't appreciate it.
but why are you
cooperating. Diana?
I was beginning to
think that I needed
to cut ties with my family.
but then I realized
Monet is the cancer
that needs to be
cut out. not me.
♪ ♪
Lorenzo fucking Tejada.
It's an honor to
meet you. my guy.
[speaking Spanish]
Yeah. listen. I'm not fluent.
but I do get "pendejo."
so you know...
He can handle it.
I'ma need you not
to fuck this up.
- All right.
- [Dru] Yo.
Fellas. there's been
a change of plans.
I'ma need y'all to
hold down Queens.
We got it.
[laughs]
How you cutting me out
of my own deal. Cane?
You still get paid. okay?
Know we're making some
money. Just fall back.
♪ ♪
Pops. you letting
this shit slide?
Dru. we're gonna try
it Cane's way. okay?
Hey. be careful up there.
♪ ♪
[notification chimes]
DEA has a CI embedded in
a white militia group.
He says that Gordo Castillo
is making a gun deal
upstate tonight.
And you know that surveillance
of the Tejada penthouse
shows that license plates
linked to the Castillo brothers
were spotted in the area.
Wait. you think the Tejadas
are involved in the sale?
Guns? That doesn't
sound like them.
Mecca used to move guns.
If they're continuing
to move his products.
it stands to reason...
Maybe they're into guns now.
Wait. Frank Castillo used to run
with Lorenzo back in the day.
If the Tejadas are
connected to this.
it could be the hard
evidence we need.
I'm gonna follow up
on it in the morning.
- You want to come with?
- No. you go.
I'm gonna focus on this new
tip I just got from Saxe.
Tariq. he said.
is known to visit
a rooftop location on
the Stansfield campus.
I'll get an agent
to mount cameras
and begin surveillance.
- [Blanca] Good luck with that.
- Thanks.
♪ ♪
I apologize for before.
Tariq made me aware of how
I put my foot in my mouth.
I hope you didn't drag
me all the way down here
in that traffic for an apology.
No. I have a... have
a proposition for you.
I'm listening.
So. you want to
start construction
on a new shopping
mall in Queens.
but there's a building
blocking that project.
Yeah. the QCP building
your father left you.
From what I was told.
it couldn't be taken
out of the trust.
We actually got some
engineering reports in
that the building is lacking
structural integrity.
[Lucas] It's a shame.
It'll probably have
to be torn down.
[Tariq] Yes. and
since the building
is no longer suitable
for what it was intended.
per the trust. it can
actually be bought
if a buyer is willing
to buy at a higher price
than the market.
So if I sign with
Weston Holdings.
it's mine.
Yes. I believe in
Weston Holdings
so much so. RSJ.
that I convinced
the executor of my trust
to have it moved here.
which means I'll just
have a bigger pot of money
waiting for me when I graduate.
You just can't beat our returns.
Send the paperwork to my office.
You. tell me more about that
Italian investment opportunity.
[dramatic music plays]
♪ ♪
Where you know Gordo from?
Does it matter?
♪ ♪
You know. the price you're
giving me for all this.
it's too good to be true.
They hot?
Listen. I came here
to do business.
What the fuck's up
with the interrogation?
You want this shit or what?
♪ ♪
When I get more. I'll
have Gordo hit you up.
No. fuck him. You're
the real connect.
I'd rather deal
with you directly.
Nah. hit Gordo.
What'd you say your
name was again?
I didn't.
You know. I would help you
guys with the crates and all.
but bad back and shit. you know.
My chiropractor. she
probably wouldn't like it.
Enjoy.
Let's go.
Call around town.
I want the drop on
our mystery man.
♪ ♪
[camera shutter clicks]
[knock at door]
[Brayden] Yo. it's me.
♪ ♪
[laughs] There you go.
Nice doing business with
you. Now get the fuck out.
The fuck?
I was gonna stay here
and count the money.
My man. you heard
what Cane said. right?
Let's go. step.
Well. I see where Cane
gets his manners from.
Sorry.
Listen. I'm ready to get
out of here too. man. okay?
I feel like we're sitting ducks
here with these motherfuckers.
Okay. hold on. let me
count the money first.
A'ight. Hurry up. then.
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
[camera shutter clicks]
I think he's alone.
Let's get him now before
the white boy comes back.
♪ ♪
[groans]
You all right?
Let's go. let's go.
♪ ♪
Move!
Yo. how you know
where to find us?
I texted Dru. told
him to follow us.
Bet you glad we ain't
stay in Queens. huh?
Oh. fuck. I got hit.
Oh. shit. a'ight. we gotta
get the fuck out of here.
Let's go. come on.
Come on. man. let's go.
I'll be right there.
Be right there.
I'll be right there!
♪ ♪
How you doin'?
- Yeah. I'm all right. man.
- You all right?
See. I'm good. I'm good.
Shit. Okay.
- [groans]
- Okay. shh.
- Mm-hmm. mm-hmm.
- [groans]
[Dru] Good enough.
Just gotta wrap it to make
sure it doesn't get infected.
You're lucky you
only got grazed.
[Gordo] My adrenaline
was pumping so hard.
I didn't even know I was hit.
Ah. for real?
Damn. and one of them got away.
You think he's
coming back for you?
With the way you had him
running for his life.
no. he don't want that smoke.
[laughs]
[soft music plays]
♪ ♪
I thought we weren't doing this.
You want to stop?
♪ ♪
What made you bring
Dru and Gordo?
I just thought about how I
would get an out-of-towner
if I caught them
lagging in my hood.
Now we got enough
money to pay Noma.
and we can find another
buyer for these guns.
She never has to know about it.
100% profit for you.
Nah. man. for us.
That moment by the truck...
if you didn't step up.
push me out the way.
I'd be dead right now.
No matter what happens
between us. Cane.
you still my firstborn son.
♪ ♪
You know where I
stand with that.
I will do anything to
protect my family. period.
whether they're right
or when they're wrong.
I ride for them.
♪ ♪
It's that simple.
Family first. huh?
♪ ♪
My bad how I did you.
A'ight. we good.
Your secret is safe with me.
♪ ♪
[tense music plays]
Wait. what are... What
are you doing here?
No.
♪ ♪
911. please. someone
just broke into my house.
Please.
[dramatic music plays]
Oh. f... all right. okay.
Look. don't do this.
I'm a fucking cop.
There's no way you
get away with this.
Thanks for the advice.
but I'ma take my chances.
You tell that bitch
Carrie I said what up.
♪ ♪
What the fuck?
Ma. you said the plan was
just to get him arrested.
You said you wanted
to help the family.
Okay. but if I
knew helping meant
becoming an
accomplice to murder.
I would have said fuck no!
That's why I ain't tell your
ass the whole fucking story.
Now shut up and hit me.
- What?
- [Monet] When 12 shows up.
you tell 'em he
broke in the house.
I tried to stop
him. he attacked me.
and I popped him. self-defense.
Do it!
Say less.
♪ ♪
Ma. you okay?
Go jimmy the lock on the door.
It needs to look
like a break-in.
- Go!
- Okay.
Oh. shit.
Oh...
[indistinct radio chatter]
I called 911. but he
kept coming towards me.
Thank God my mom was there.
She was able to
get his attention.
but that's when he punched her.
She kind of fell
back. and I guess
that's what gave her the
distance to shoot him.
I was so scared.
I wanted to help.
but I froze up.
She had to shoot him.
He wasn't gonna stop.
[officer] We're gonna need you
to make a formal statement.
May I have a word
with my client?
[officer] And come down
to the station. possibly.
Ms. Tejada. I can only imagine
the trauma you've seen tonight.
Are you okay?
[whispering] Are
you fucking insane?
This is not what we planned.
I had to defend myself
and protect my family.
Yeah. well. you got
into some deep shit.
Whitman was all the
way in the wrong.
so you should be able
to beat the case.
I know. It's called
self-defense.
You're a bad bitch.
Look. you got something for me?
As a matter of fact.
police file... no.
police file from
your boy's apartment.
You'll get this after.
They're taking you
into the precinct
for more questions... Diana too.
They'll keep you separated.
Not a word till I
get there. okay?
I'll call Saxe for Diana.
Your stories line up.
you'll be home tonight.
Why wouldn't they? Let's
get this over with.
♪ ♪
You signed RSJ. the billionaire?
'Riq. you did that?
Yep. I did that shit.
Tariq. that's amazing.
You know. the nigga's
actually pretty cool.
Hey. I was thinking.
you know. what we was
talking about earlier.
if I get my trust fund and shit
set up with my mom and sister.
then I could
probably have a life
outside of this drug game shit.
You know. I was
thinking maybe I could.
you know. pull up to Cali.
and kick it with
you at Stanford.
[soft music plays]
I'd like that.
For real? Me too.
♪ ♪
Um. what was it that you
had to talk to me about?
♪ ♪
I forgot.
[Cane] For real. I'd leave
all my shorties for you.
- [cell phone buzzing]
- Ah.
Beat it.
♪ ♪
[indistinct radio chatter]
[siren wailing]
Ma'am.
Agent Young. where's our CI?
He was transported out.
He's in critical condition.
In and out of consciousness.
He was shot in the back.
and the bullet
traveled to his spine.
Okay. I need to question
him as soon as he's able.
Copy that.
Why you still standing
here? Get to work.
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
Morning. Ma. How you feeling?
I'm fine. baby.
Okay. good.
I'm glad you're safe.
but you cannot do
something like that again.
I know. and I just didn't want
y'all wrapped up in my mess.
Yeah. well. you're welcome
to stay here as
long as you need.
It's just until they say the
house is not a crime scene.
- Okay?
- Okay.
♪ ♪
[cell phone buzzing]
MacClean.
Yo. did you read this
report you gave me?
I. um. skimmed
through a few pages.
Why. is there a problem?
[Monet] Big fucking problem.
It says Lorenzo Tejada's
fingerprints matched
the partial prints
that was found
at Zeke's crime scene.
What the fuck was
he doing there?
Do not jump to conclusions.
Don't do anything.
I'll look into it.
You do that.
♪ ♪
[Lorenzo] Hey. you okay?
You sure that cop
didn't hurt you. right?
No. I'm fine.
♪ ♪
You get any sleep?
Nah. not really.
[Lorenzo] You don't
have to worry.
That cop said they're not
gonna charge you with anything.
I got you.
I love you. Monet.
I love you too.
♪ ♪
[21 Savage's "BETRAYED" playing]
[21 Savage] ♪♪ I been
betrayed before ♪♪
♪♪ I done been played before ♪♪
♪♪ Givin' 'em all the
smoke Givin' 'em all ♪♪
♪♪ I done been left in the rain
I ain't have nowhere to go ♪♪
♪♪ I feel less of a man
I can't depend on a ho ♪♪
♪♪ They put my brother
Inside the ground ♪♪
♪♪ I found me a sound ♪♪
♪♪ Don't care if it's war
Or we fuckin' on bitches ♪♪
♪♪ I'm holdin' 'em down ♪♪
♪♪ I let down my guard
I showed her my heart ♪♪
♪♪ She couldn't believe
It was chrome ♪♪
♪♪ Them pants 3.500 ♪♪
♪♪ Mediocre rappers
Can't put 'em on ♪♪
♪♪ I been betrayed before I
done been played before ♪♪
♪♪ Givin' 'em all the
smoke Givin' 'em all ♪♪
♪♪ I done been left in the rain
I ain't have nowhere to go ♪♪
♪♪ I feel less of a man
I can't depend on a ho ♪♪
♪♪ They put my brother
Inside the ground ♪♪
♪♪ I found me a sound ♪♪
♪♪ Don't care if it's war
Or we fuckin' on bitches ♪♪
♪♪ I'm holdin' 'em down ♪♪
♪♪ If she a hustler
Fine and honest ♪♪
♪♪ I'm bringin' her 'round ♪♪
♪♪ I told her I don't care
What she do in the street ♪♪
♪♪ Just don't make me
Look like a clown ♪♪
♪ ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today